# CompetencyApp Installation Steps

1. Download the code from https://github.com/suneta/CompetencyApp.git
2. cd CompetencyApp
3. Run npm install
4. Run npm Start


We have covered solution for following requirements:

•	An accordion that lists beer names, when you click on an accordion item – it should expand and show more info about the beer such as its tagline and date first brewed (all available in the API). 
o	Basic bind events form the core functionality of an accordion – open, close, close all etc. Build a small, basic module that handles accordion functionality on the page. Bonus points if you can add some basic keyboard controls to your accordion too.
o	We're looking to see an accordion module built from the ground up – not one that's generated by Bootstrap or another framework. jQuery use is fine.
o	Here's a basic example of what we're looking to see in terms of the UI: http://d.pr/v/HRquSA 


For this we have not used bootstrap and not other framework we have just used a div tag in index.html.We have used javascript for accordion.

•	A carousel - any content here is acceptable.
o	Build a module that generates a carousel on your page. 
o	We'd like you to use Cycle 2 to build this carousel (http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/api/).  Have a look at the documentation and show us some examples of usage of the different options available in the library. 2 carousels using different options might be a nice idea here

used cycle 2 api for buiding it and for that install jquery package for it

•	A CTA grid of beers returned from the API – the grid should show at least 8 beers returned from the API.
o	The grid should span the width of your page layout. As the page is reduced in width – the CTA's should begin to stack on top of each other at a mobile breakpoint (such as 768 pixels). We're looking to see some examples of clean CSS using responsive techniques.
o	Here's an example of a collapsing CTA grid: http://d.pr/v/BB7EDL 
o	Add a filter to the list that allows us to filter beers by their alcohol volume (abv) - highest to lowest and vice versa. You can see each beer returned from the API has a abv – for example the beer called 'Buzz' has 'abv:4.5'.

used beer images to create reponsive grid.

taken care of 
•	Some basic examples of ES6 within your JavaScript. You could use Babel to transpile the code.
•	An automated task runner setup for this build. Webpack
•	Use of a pre-processor for CSS, SASS
•	Code should be maintained using some form of VSC such as Git. We’d like to see the commit history on your repository of how you start to build your solution

code done in a day so there is no much version of committed code only one version is there.


